The Unit Test for the PerCapita HeatMap
  For the PerCapita HeatMap, we are testing the concept of using population based weighting for
  data that is generated by the local population (in this case tweets).  
  In particular, we are testing whether using this type of weighting will produce the expected results for different random
  sets of data.
  For this test we need only 2 files, both in the same folder
  HMTL file : AttemptforGoogleMapHTMLONLYwithGENERATE.html
  Javascript file : PerCapitaJavaScriptCombinedWithGenerating.js
  
  For this unit test we take 7 different US cities with different populations:
  1. NYC
  2. Los Angeles
  3. Chicago
  4. Houston
  5. Jacksonville
  6. Seattle
  7. Denver
  
  We then generate 400 random points of location data, which can fall in one of the 7 cities.  For the probability set from
  which these random points are drawn, we use 3 different sets
  1. Equal Probability, (1/7) for each city, regardless of population
  2. Population-Based Probability, every person out of the total population of all 7 cities has an equal chance
  of generating the data (in our project's case generating the tweets).
  3. A mix of both, where for each city the probability is the Equal Probability (1/7) plus the population-based 
  probability, all divided by 2.
  
  Then we allow 2 different views of this randomly generated data, one is a heatmap that equally weights all the points on
  the map.  The other is a population weighted heat map.  Which essentially weights each tweet by dividing it by 
  the corresponding population from the city from which the tweet originated.
  
  When we run the html file, a map is generated with 6 different radio buttons.  Each of these buttons
  correspond to all 6 possibilities of the 3 different probabilities for generating data sets of 400 points 
  and the 2 different map types, weighted vs regular, for displaying the results.  Which are as follows:
  
  1. Regular Heat Map with Data generated with equal probability (1/7) for each city regardless of the population.
  If this visualization works, then we should expect the map density to be equally spread out around the map.  We can 
  click the first button several times to verify that, in fact, this is the result that we expected.
  
  2. Regular Heat Map with Data generated with population based probability.  If this visualization works,
  then we should expect the map density to be more concentrated in cities with the highest populations.  We can click the
  second button several times to verify that, in fact, this is the result that we expected.
  
  3.  Regular Heat Map with Data generated with a mix of both equally weighted and population weighted probability.  If this
  visualization works, then we should expect the map density to still be more concentrated in cities with the higher
  populations,  but not as much so as in number 2 above.  We can click the third button several times to verify that, 
  in fact, this  is the result that we expected.
  
  4. PerCapita (population weighted) Heat Map with Data generated with equal probability (1/7) for each city, 
  regardless of the population.  If this visualization works, then, we should expect the map density to be
  more concentrated in cities with the lowest populations.  We can click the fourth button several times to verify that, 
  in fact, this is the result that we expected.
  
  5. PerCapita (population weighted) Heat Map with data generated with population based probability.  If this visualization
  works, then we should expect the map density to be more concentrated in cities with the highest populations.  We can click
  the fifth button several times to verify that, in fact, this is the result that we expected.
  
  6. PerCapita (population weighted) Heat Map with data generated with a mix of both equally weighted and population-based
  probability.  If this visualization works, then we should expect the map density to still be more concentrated in cities
  with the lower populations, but not as much so as in number 5 above.  We can click the sixth button several times to verify
  that, in fact, this is the result that we expected.
  
  In conclusion, we can conclude the per capita weighted data to allow us to compare characteristics of the populations of 
  different areas, regardless of the size differences between them.
  
  
